conda-forge intro modified (#1671)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: src/user/introduction.rst

What is conda-forge?
--------------------

> The conda-forge project can be viewed as a compilation of distributions, recipes, and build infrastructure that enable installing and distributing a wide range of software as conda packages. In a single channel, the conda-forge community provides up-to-date, compatible versions of conda packages along with all their required dependencies. Our work is driven by the community to provide packaged software free of charge and in a transparent manner.

Reviewer: Should be "enables", since the subject of this phrase is "compilation".

Reviewer 2: Could go either way ;) in the original edit, I thought the "distributions, recipes, and build infrastructure" are the enabling ones

(but actually, I rephrased it precisely to avoid dealing with the stupid collective nouns, which I hate dealing with LOL :D https://www.britannica.com/dictionary/eb/qa/Collective-Nouns-and-Verb-Agreement)

Reviewer 2: Your call @kathatherine

Reviewer: I get it, but the compilation of them is still doing the enabling. :) 

I agree that collective nouns are the worst, though. Go ahead and change it, please, @shreya024.

Author: Changed

What is conda-forge?
--------------------

> Conda-forge can be defined as a compilation of distributions, recipes and build infrastructure that makes the task of installing conda packages hassle-free for a wide range of software. It is a single channel that provides all the up-to-date ,compatible versions of conda packages along with all the required dependencies for the conda package manager.

Reviewer: This comma's out of place.

Author: Thank you for your review.I have fixed it.

> Conda-forge can be defined as a compilation of distributions, recipes and build infrastructure that makes the task of installing conda packages hassle-free for a wide range of software. It is a single channel that provides all the up-to-date, compatible versions of conda packages along with all the required dependencies for the conda package manager.

Reviewer 2: How about noting that it is open source and driven by the community here? It sort of got taken out by the edit. How does this rough edit sound to you?

```suggestion
The conda-forge project can be viewed as a compilation of distributions, recipes, and build infrastructure that enable installing and distributing a wide range of software as conda packages. In a single channel, the conda-forge community provides up-to-date, compatible versions of conda packages along with all their required dependencies. Our work is driven by the community to provide packaged software free of charge and in a transparent manner.
```
